README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">G'day, I'm Nathan Woodburn</h1>
<h3 align="center">I'm interested in Handshake, 3D Printing, self hosting, and a ton of programing</h3>

<p align="left"> <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=nathanwoodburn&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="nathanwoodburn" /> </p>

- 💻 Visit my personal website at [nathan.woodburn.au/](https://nathan.woodburn.au/)

- 🔗 Also available on Handshake [nathan.woodburn/](https://nathan.woodburn/)

- 🌱 I’m currently learning **Java & Android**

- 💬 Ask me about **Handshake, Nginx, DNS, DANE (SSL)**

- 🤝 Visit the Handshake Australia site [hns.au/](https://hns.au/)

- 📫 How to reach me **contact@nathan.woodburn.au**

<h3 align="left">Connect with me:</h3>
<p align="left">
<a href="https://twitter.com/woodburn_nathan" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/twitter.svg" alt="woodburn_nathan" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/nathanwoodburn" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="nathanwoodburn" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://fb.com/nathanjwoodburn" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/facebook.svg" alt="nathanjwoodburn" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://instagram.com/nathanjwoodburn" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/instagram.svg" alt="nathanjwoodburn" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://www.youtube.com/@nathanjwoodburn" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/youtube.svg" alt="@nathanjwoodburn" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://l.woodburn.au/discord" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/discord.svg" alt="Discord" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>

<h3 align="left">Languages and Tools:</h3>
<p align="left"> <a href="https://www.arduino.cc/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/arduino-1.svg" alt="arduino" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/gnu_bash/gnu_bash-icon.svg" alt="bash" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/cs/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/csharp/csharp-original.svg" alt="csharp" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.docker.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/docker/docker-original-wordmark.svg" alt="docker" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://dotnet.microsoft.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/dot-net/dot-net-original-wordmark.svg" alt="dotnet" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.haskell.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/1c/Haskell-Logo.svg" alt="haskell" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.java.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/java/java-original.svg" alt="java" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.linux.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" alt="linux" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.nginx.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nginx/nginx-original.svg" alt="nginx" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.python.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/> </a> </p>

<p><img align="left" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=nathanwoodburn&show_icons=true&theme=dark&locale=en&layout=compact" alt="nathanwoodburn" /></p>

<p>&nbsp;<img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=nathanwoodburn&show_icons=true&theme=dark&locale=en" alt="nathanwoodburn" /></p>

<p><img align="center" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=nathanwoodburn&theme=dark" alt="nathanwoodburn" /></p>


<p align="left"><img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=nathanwoodburn&theme=matrix" alt="nathanwoodburn" /></p>


# Support Me:

[![Github](https://img.shields.io/badge/Github-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/sponsors/Nathanwoodburn) 
[![PayPal](https://img.shields.io/badge/PayPal-00457C?style=for-the-badge&logo=paypal&logoColor=white)](https://paypal.me/nathanwoodburn) 
[![Stripe](https://img.shields.io/badge/Stripe-008CDD?style=for-the-badge&logo=stripe&logoColor=white)](https://donate.stripe.com/8wM6pv0VD08Xe408ww) 
[![Crypto](https://img.shields.io/badge/Crypto-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=bitcoin&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/Nathanwoodburn/Nathanwoodburn.github.io/tree/master/.well-known/wallets)

Commit message:

readme: Added git server link

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">G'day, I'm Nathan Woodburn</h1>
<h3 align="center">I'm interested in Handshake, 3D Printing, self hosting, and a ton of programing</h3>

<p align="left"> <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=nathanwoodburn&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="nathanwoodburn" /> </p>

- 💻 Visit my personal website at [nathan.woodburn.au/](https://nathan.woodburn.au/)

- Visit my Git server to see what I'm working on [git.woodburn.au/](https://git.woodburn.au/)

- 🔗 Also available on Handshake [nathan.woodburn/](https://nathan.woodburn/)

- 🌱 I’m currently learning **Java & Android**

- 💬 Ask me about **Handshake, Nginx, DNS, DANE (SSL)**

- 🤝 Visit the Handshake Australia site [hns.au/](https://hns.au/)

- 📫 How to reach me **contact@nathan.woodburn.au**

<h3 align="left">Connect with me:</h3>
<p align="left">
<a href="https://twitter.com/woodburn_nathan" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/twitter.svg" alt="woodburn_nathan" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/nathanwoodburn" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="nathanwoodburn" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://fb.com/nathanjwoodburn" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/facebook.svg" alt="nathanjwoodburn" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://instagram.com/nathanjwoodburn" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/instagram.svg" alt="nathanjwoodburn" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://www.youtube.com/@nathanjwoodburn" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/youtube.svg" alt="@nathanjwoodburn" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://l.woodburn.au/discord" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/discord.svg" alt="Discord" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>

<h3 align="left">Languages and Tools:</h3>
<p align="left"> <a href="https://www.arduino.cc/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/arduino-1.svg" alt="arduino" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/gnu_bash/gnu_bash-icon.svg" alt="bash" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/cs/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/csharp/csharp-original.svg" alt="csharp" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.docker.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/docker/docker-original-wordmark.svg" alt="docker" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://dotnet.microsoft.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/dot-net/dot-net-original-wordmark.svg" alt="dotnet" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.haskell.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/1c/Haskell-Logo.svg" alt="haskell" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.java.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/java/java-original.svg" alt="java" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.linux.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" alt="linux" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.nginx.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nginx/nginx-original.svg" alt="nginx" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.python.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/> </a> </p>

<p><img align="left" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=nathanwoodburn&show_icons=true&theme=dark&locale=en&layout=compact" alt="nathanwoodburn" /></p>

<p>&nbsp;<img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=nathanwoodburn&show_icons=true&theme=dark&locale=en" alt="nathanwoodburn" /></p>

<p><img align="center" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=nathanwoodburn&theme=dark" alt="nathanwoodburn" /></p>


<p align="left"><img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=nathanwoodburn&theme=matrix" alt="nathanwoodburn" /></p>


# Support Me:

[![Github](https://img.shields.io/badge/Github-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/sponsors/Nathanwoodburn) 
[![PayPal](https://img.shields.io/badge/PayPal-00457C?style=for-the-badge&logo=paypal&logoColor=white)](https://paypal.me/nathanwoodburn) 
[![Stripe](https://img.shields.io/badge/Stripe-008CDD?style=for-the-badge&logo=stripe&logoColor=white)](https://donate.stripe.com/8wM6pv0VD08Xe408ww) 
[![Crypto](https://img.shields.io/badge/Crypto-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=bitcoin&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/Nathanwoodburn/Nathanwoodburn.github.io/tree/master/.well-known/wallets)
